## AGADE Traffic Backend 
represents the simulation engine of AGADE Traffic. This component is responsible for creation and control of traveller agents. An external director agent orchestrates events and course of the simulation. The framework creates a link between agent concepts and semantic technologies.  Basic agent operations such as agent creation and movement are defined in Java classes derived from classes of the JADEX framework, while agent knowledge is completely shifted into ontologies and accessed through available interfaces using OWL API. This use of semantic technologies not only avoids overly complex and complicated code but is also an intuitive format to model decisions based on rules. Agents are equipped with private ontologies implemented in OWL to model knowledge about the world. The extension of SWRL rules allows the ontology to go beyond the scope of the more object-centric description logic propositions, enabling the application of reasoning techniques.  Agent knowledge is structured in serveral ontologies which can be modified and flexibily extended for research-specific domain knowledge.

For implementing intelligent software agents AGADE Traffic uses the JADEX framework. Agents are implemented using annotations (`@Agent`) in the source code for modelling beliefs (`@Belief`), desires (`@Goal`) and intentions (`@Plan`). **Beliefs** contain information about the current internal state of an agent and about the environment in which the agent is situated, e.g. in a traffic scenario information about the start and destination of travel routes as well as the current location and means of transportation of an agent. **Desires** define the goals of the agents that ultimately determine their behaviour. Jadex distinguishes between _Achieve, Maintain_ and _Perform goals_. An _Achieve goal _expresses the desire to reach a certain state. Once such a state is reached, the agent is satisfied and no further actions are performed. _Maintain goals_ define actions that preserve a state. Apart from this, _Perform goals_ are specifically linked to an action that is continuously executed. AGADE Traffic implments an _Achieve goal_ in which the agent is instructed to move to a specified destination. Finally, **Intentions** are implemented as plans that define specific actions for agents. In the context of the traffic simulation, this includes all actions necessary to move to the target location e.g. choosing a means of transportation, selecting travel routes and moving forward.  For more information on JADEX visit: [JADEX website](https://www.activecomponents.org/index.html#/docs/overview)

### Frontend - Backend Communication
Frontend - Backend communication has been realised as SOAP webservice in which AGADE Backend acts as a service provider and the Frontend acts as service consumer. `AGADETrafficServiceFacade` provides a central service interface.

